Fix link in CONTRIBUTING.md (#3352)
matrix-org/matrix.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you agree to this for your contribution, then all that's needed is to include the line in your commit:
```

With https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org/pull/3340 merged and the DCO plugin we may want to also touch this?

One can of worms please ;)

We try to keep a paper trail for all the decisions and implementation:

> - All of the changes on the website need to happen [through a Pull Request](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org/pulls).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All of the changes on the website need to happen through a [Pull Request](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org/pulls).
```

>   - The only exception to this rules are if we broke things preventing our usual workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The only exception to this rule is if we break things that prevent our usual workflow.
```

> - Pull Requests which do changes to existing content or add content outside of the blog should fix a documented and accepted [issue](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org/issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pull Requests which make changes to existing content or add content outside of the blog should fix a documented and accepted [Issue](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org/issues).
```

- Issues are reviewed by the maintainers of the project (the [Website and Content Working Group](https://matrix.org/foundation/working-groups/)). Some discussion can happen in [#matrix.org-website:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/%23matrix.org-website:matrix.org) but all decisions are logged in the issues themselves.

> We keep this paper trail to avoid having to review Pull Requests "fixing" things we don't need or want to be fixed. Of course we try to remain flexible where it makes sense, but want to stick to this process as much as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We keep this paper trail to avoid having to review Pull Requests "fixing" things we don't need or want to be fixed. Of course, we try to remain flexible where it makes sense, but we want to stick to this process as much as possible.
```
